SPA Project 0.

The goal for this project was to implement an application that generated random numbers for the user. Before I wrote any code, I wrote down a clear roadmap of what I wanted to accomplish with the application. I started with making a clear header for the page, so anyone who visits (including myself) would know exactly what to expect from the application. I also implemented a small paragraph to give a disclaimer. 
Although I had originally planned to have a red-colored button display "generate my numbers" to redirect to the second page, I left the redirect as a plain hyperlink.  
Due to the scope of the project, I abandoned a few of the ideas I had originally mapped out. These included the idea of writing a function to actually generate random numbers. I instead provided a set of numbers that does not change. This tied in well with using a button to 'troll' the user upon clicking. Once the user interacts with the button to generate new numbers (or so they think), the screen will display: "You sucker. You get what you get!" I also opted for displaying the white dot emojis and red circle emoji under the index page header, where I had originally planned to display the generated numbers in the appropriate colored circles. This was a stylistic choice that was more complicated and involved than required for the project, therefore I opted for a more simplistic approach to acheive the goal. 
This project called for the implementation of html, css, and javascript in order to meet the requirements. I did this by writing the bones in html (most of it really), changing the font with css, and implementing a change in the text displayed upon user interaction with javascript. 
